uy can I run without
where youtube like they are guys because
you not very well because I am very
well and well guys the day of the
I play the review of a mod
how good is the mode
run for two let's say it this way
good way first of all a flat I'm going to
start in the channel also to upload
reviews of mods and good if possible
also review of texture packs and review
from to not just because good let's say
that way it would be more complete to the channel
we would have mods texts maps series of his
rival series of maps so downloadable and
all that and well let's say that it would be
making the channel more complete by
say it in a way and well I know not
I have taught how mods are installed but
it comes to them in a video next and then it
I promise and for those who already know demo
then I will leave the link in the description
that they must put in their own to be
and good continuing I also wanted them
mention that they write by has not gone up
videos throughout the week is that I saw
what is the problem of my channel the
problem of my channel is that they are not
many videos so well now I'm going
start uploading a video is more often
is what I want because I know it is
difficult but I have to achieve it because
I'm very excited about this
and grow on youtube and all that and then
simply
without suffering many more videos before
also to cook or here is a small
bus that has this mode or there is no how
you see the water looks super close that is
as it should be seen if it were not
the mode but we do not go out and you see more
far away has been given to us what
I'll make here is that wool
is very close these two blocks of
sand and there I go up a little bit and it looks more
far I do not know if you noticed reach
to see there I am very very close and there
I'm a little bit further
and good is a good bug also something
bad in this way is that it alters or alters
the sight of the little doll I do not know if I
I explain, that is, it looks different
of the main crespi or should it look like this
it's how it looks normal when we're like this
and when I go out, we're going to see
different then it's the only bad thing about
So this is how you see the
different
good as it is distorted the
image all the time unless
we are underwater as you have seen but
He is very father because we can run
and all that
in fact the mods serve on servers
and why do they want me to not be
advancing the video and none of that then
just see this pig, that is if
I was advancing the known video
some program you would see that the animals
they go slower but the animals go
equal to your speed do not realize
there's the pig I'm going faster than
he obviously because a lot of people say
that are camera tricks and all that but
It is not very easy to install mods and because
that not at the moment that you upload the
video of how to install mods from a
gave is because well I do not know much about
android as you know I just have a
ipod I know almost nothing about android out there
and I will study to see if there is someone who
is going to come up that he knows things from
android that has some tutorials and
then I'll leave that from your channel in the in
my description so you can go see
your android people tutorials like this
what are people uploading android please
someone knows or if or if your friend who is
doing this because you know about android and
You have some videos on your channel
leave me your channel and then I will recommend
and then nothing more
Escobar boys as I said I hope that
you're liking all the others that
I'm implementing on the channel mods
maps and future future good after
in a future text parks so I would
dismissal and right now is that I do not bring my
skin because I just changed to
minecraft so that to have motorcycles
have to have the pirate minecraft or
be the visser or the up cake and then
I just downloaded it and name not
well it's not that he did not give me time
better since putting a skin but already many
they know my corner so now
guys that's it and then we'll see each other
a next video bye bye